🚀Preview Release (#116)
KinsonDigital/CICD: Documentation/ReleaseNotes/PreviewReleases/Release-Notes-v1.0.0-preview.12.md

<h1 align="center" style='color:mediumseagreen;font-weight:bold'>
    CICD Preview Release Notes - v1.0.0-preview.12
</h1>

<h2 align="center" style='font-weight:bold'>Quick Reminder</h2>

<div align="center">

As with all software, there is always a chance for issues and bugs, especially for preview releases, which is why your input is greatly appreciated. 🙏🏼
</div>

---

<h2 style="font-weight:bold" align="center">Bug Fixes 🐛</h2>

> 1. [#113](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/CICD/issues/113) - Fixed a bug where **Preview** and **Production** PR status checks were incorrectly reporting milestone state.

Reviewer: Grammar
```suggestion
1. [#113](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/CICD/issues/113) - Fixed a bug where **Preview** and **Production** PR status checks were reporting the incorrect milestone.
```

Author: This bug has nothing to do with reporting the incorrect milestone.
It had to do with reporting the incorrect _**state**_ of the milestone.

But now that I read it, I think it should be:
```suggestion
1. [#113](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/CICD/issues/113) - Fixed a bug where **Preview** and **Production** PR status checks were reporting the incorrect state of the milestone.
```

Thoughs?

Reviewer: I like "reporting the incorrect state of the milestone."  Let's go with it.
